Name: Seth Underdown
Student ID: S3794214
Email: S3794214@student.rmit.edu.au
Gitpage: https://seththehedgehog.github.io/Assignment1/
Background: Was born in Australia and have been moving between towns and states all my life.
Hobbies: Video games, music and flim
IT Interest: I have always been involved with IT and enjoyed using it and making things with it
IT Experience: Cert III in Information and Digital Media Technologies, Cert I in IT

Name: Dylan (omitted)
Student ID: s3793998
Email: s3793998@student.rmit.edu.au
Gitpage: https://dyl459.github.io/
Background: Grew up in rural Australia in a family heavily involved in technology resulting in a great interest in the area.
Hobbies: Information Technology – Particularly coding solutions to problems.
IT Interest: Stems from the above (growing up around IT). Love the vast variety of issues IT can solve.
IT Experience: Education:
Certificate III in Information, Digital Media and Technology (TAFESA)
Currently studying Bachelor of Information Technology (RMIT)
IT Experience: Work:  Volunteering/Work experience – IT Help Desk (Jan 2016 – April 2017)
(Omitted Employer Name) – Level 2 IT Technician (April 2017 – Dec 2019)

---Start of Josh's information---

---Josh's Details---

Name: Joshua Coppen
Student ID: S3775648
Email: S3775648@student.rmit.edu.au
Gitpage: https://joshcoppen.github.io/My-Profile/
Background: Born and raised in Adelaide. Both parents from England with a massive family still there.
Hobbies: Pc gaming, following sports such as AFL (Adelaide Crows), Soccer (Wolverhampton Wanderers) and the NFL (New England Patriots)
IT Interest: Love gaming and building PC’s, now want to take my knowledge further.
IT Experience: Building PC’s for me and my friends, helping troubleshoot for family and friends

---Josh's Personal information---
Josh is a 27-year-old father of two who was born and raised in Adelaide, South Australia. Josh’s parents were both born in England and both arrived at shores of Australia when they were 5 years old.  Playing video games and following a multitude of sports are Josh’s favourite hobbies. His favourite sport is Australian rules football and he is a diehard Adelaide Crows supporter.
Ever since Josh was young, he had an avid interest in computers through gaming.  In his desire to play World of Warcraft Josh built his first computer. Realising how much fun he had building his first PC with his friends he knew one day he would want to follow a career with computers. Now that he has put his and his family into a sound financial position, Josh Is following his dream by studying a Bachelor of Information technology at RMIT University.


---Start of Ryan's information---

---Ryan's Details---

Name: Ryan Bullock
Student ID: S3723455
Email: S3723455@student.rmit.edu.au
Gitpage: https://splittingtails.github.io/
Background: I am Australian, but my background is English and Irish my ancestors fled the UK after world war 2 started
Hobbies: playing field hockey for La Trobe Uni, snowboarding, video games, eating food
IT Interest: servers, virtual machines, networking, web development
IT Experience: Advanced diploma in computer systems engineering, 8 years of I.T experience working in help desk and systems analyst also running my own small business on the side

---Ryan's Personal information---

Ryan's Student ID is S3723455 and E-mail address is S3723455@student.rmit.edu.au, He is also a member of <Team name>

Ryan was born and raised in Melbourne Australia, but his family background is from England and Ireland. Ryan has had several years of IT experience in the industry when he first started studying an advanced diploma of computer systems engineering and then getting his first job as a level 1 help desk technician. he stayed at the company for 7 years and reached a senior system engineer role. He is now working as a Systems Analyst and has been at this job for nearly a year. Ryan first got interested in IT when his dad bought home a Pentium 2 and he first started to play Abe’s Odyssey and The Sims. this led to Ryan being the house hold computer tech fixing the internet connection and printer issues. Ryan’s main interests in IT are networking and servers this includes virtualization and cloud computer, he also enjoys writing and modifying PowerShell scripts and building websites.

---Ryan's Ideal Job (copy pasted) ---

This is my ideal job because it has so many different types of technology involved and I can always be up-to-date with the latest I.T trends such as design network with Cisco router and switches, using the latest windows server editions and windows products, VMWare ESXi models and hyper-v designs.

---Ryan's Personality Profiles---

Ryan's Personality profile for the 16 Personalities is The Campaigner (ENFP-A)

Ryan's Learning skills are better with a hand on approach as he is 10% Auditory 35% Visual and 55% Tactile (education planner)

Ryan is very organized but is easily distracted, he is very empathetic and willing to help where he can with projects but does not do well with conflict. He also likes to work in small groups as he finds it hard to concentrate in large groups. Ryan hands stress well and prefer to work on projects that he is familiar with rather than experimenting with new idea's (personality perfect)

---End of Ryan’s information---

Name: Jacob Darling
Student ID: S3777780
Email: S3777780@student.rmit.edu.au
Gitpage:jordjordrex.github.io
Background: Born in Canberra. Live in Hobart.
Hobbies: Gaming, Military History and IT in general
IT Interest:Always been interested in Information Technology but have been mostly interested in areas such as software/game development and networking
IT Experience:Studied Computer Science at college. also help troubleshoot computer problems for family and friends.

Name: Arin Edwards
Student ID: S3788793
Email: S3788793@student.rmit.edu.au
Gitpage:https://arinedwards.github.io/Assignment/
Background: From Australia, been here all my life. Have an English/Irish background from ancestors that came here on the first fleet to Australia.
Hobbies: Building and upgrading computers, computer/console gaming.
IT Interest:Mostly anything I.T I can find interesting.
IT Experience: Builidng computers for friends and family, and of course doing this current course.
